[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: One of
the newer faces on Gaia
is that of Theresa Bullard, the
host of "Mystery Teachings."
This show is rich with
spiritual and scientific themes
that blend together with
beautiful imagery to support it
and really kind of drive it home
in a very easy to digest way.
Welcome, Theresa.
>>THERESA BULLARD: Thank you.
It's such a pleasure
to be here again.
>>REGINA: One of the
things I wanted to do,
Theresa, is-- yes, you do a
beautiful job articulating
these themes.
But I want to know
about you personally.
Now, I've interviewed
you once before.
But we really more got into
the science of the themes
that you would be discussing
in your upcoming series, which
is now a reality.
So what I'd like to do
is spend a little time
getting to know you so your
audience can get to know you
and my audience can
get to know you.
And then also talking
about what you
were doing in the
first series and where
it's headed in the next
one if that makes sense.
So I think my first question
would be, were you just a total
nerd?
[LAUGHTER]
>>BULLARD: You know, at first.
So how far back
do we want to go?
>>REGINA: Oh, we
want to go way back.
>>BULLARD: Do we
want to go way back?
OK.
>>REGINA: I see all the time
the genius in little children.
And they're kind of showing
you what they came in with
and what they'd like to
play with and express.
And so as far back as you
can go, as you recall,
that started giving
indications of the kind of mind
you developed.
>>BULLARD: So I think I was
always a very intuitive child.
But I did not consider myself
a smart person up until--
I didn't even think that
I could do math or get As
or anything like
that in school up
until I hit maybe 13 years old.
So up until then,
I was a C student.
I just wasn't sure
I was very smart.
>>REGINA: But did you have
a fascination with science
or any of these themes?
Or it hadn't really
showed up yet?
>>BULLARD: I had an
inquisitive mind.
So in elementary
school, I was actually
put in a private school.
And it was a private
Christian school,
only because my
parents felt that I
was a really sensitive
person and needed
to be a little more sheltered.
And that was really
the only option,
not that they were
super fundamentalist.
>>REGINA: Did they know
you were intuitive?
And did they know
these abilities?
>>BULLARD: So my parents were
into the Edgar Cayce studies.
>>REGINA: Oh, yeah.
Perfect.
>>BULLARD: So they had a sense.
And I was their first.
So they put me in
this Christian school.
And I remember we'd be getting
taught the Bible stuff.
And there would be parts
along the way where as a kid
I'd ask, well, where
do the dinosaurs fit
into the Bible,
things like this.
And it became very clear
that I couldn't ask questions
like that.
So I very quickly got skeptical
about just religious approach.
And so I think I had that
inquisitiveness around science.
But it wasn't until--
>>REGINA: It wasn't going to
be fostered in that environment
per se.
>>BULLARD: No.
And then as I got into
the public schools,
I remember there was one
year where I was really just
into trying to fit in.
I was very shy.
I was a very, very shy person.
And I was trying to just fit
in and get along with my peers
and so forth.
And there was this one
year in junior high
where I had a big falling
out with my peers.
And then--
>>REGINA: What happened?
Tell us.
>>BULLARD: Oh my god.
It was total drama, right?
>>REGINA: And these are those
embarrassing little moments.
But these are the
things that shape us,
these little moments of trauma.
>>BULLARD: That was a moment
that shaped me, I would say.
So I had who I considered
my best friend.
There was a group of four girls.
And we were all 12, 13.
>>REGINA: Vicious age
for girls, by the way.
>>BULLARD: Yeah, yeah.
And there was one who I
considered my best friend.
And then she had a boyfriend.
And her boyfriend and
I were friends, too.
And they both called me.
And they both complained
about each other.
And I kind of in the
middle of this, right?
And I was always just
being their friend,
trying to help them
kind of work it out.
And at some point,
the girl got jealous.
And then she started accusing
me of all kinds of stuff.
And then she got really vicious.
There was one time where we had
a sleepover at another friend's
house for a birthday party.
And they sprayed
shaving cream in my face
and all this kind of stuff.
And I had to leave.
>>REGINA: Mean girl face.
>>BULLARD: Yeah, yeah.
And then we got busted one time
for sneaking out late at night
when we were having a sleepover.
And we got picked
up by the police
because we were joy riding.
So I had my little
bit of rebelliousness,
but I wasn't really
a rebellious kid.
But I fell into the
peer pressure of it.
And then we got caught.
So that night that we
got caught by the police
with joyriding late at night,
we were in Newport Beach.
And he's got his driver's
permit, but not a license.
And he snuck his dad's car out.
And we're driving.
And he's going like
60-something in a 35 zone
because there's
nobody on the road.
It was like 3:00 in the morning.
>>REGINA: Well,
that's kind of what
boys with learner's permits do.
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
And we were listening to
Eddie Murphy live on tape.
And we were just laughing.
And he was not paying attention.
And next thing you
know, we're getting
pulled over by a police officer.
And we all got hauled in.
>>REGINA: And
you're all underage.
>>BULLARD: We were all underage.
And we all lied by
our age by one year.
And we got hauled into
the police office.
My mom and dad get
woken up in the middle
of the night with a
phone call saying,
are you so-and-so,
Therese Bullard's parents?
They thought it was a
prank call it first.
And so then they came
and picked me up.
And I was pissed because
here we were getting busted.
And it wasn't even worth it.
We were supposed to
be going to a party.
And there was no party
by the time we got there.
And it was completely
not worth it.
And I knew I didn't
want to go out.
But I fell into
the peer pressure.
So that was a big turning point
for me because I got grounded,
of course.
And my parents said,
well, you're going
to be grounded for a month.
And you can't have anyone
sleep over for the summer.
I ended up grounding
myself for the summer
and didn't have anyone
sleep over for a year.
>>REGINA: Why did you do that?
Why did you decide to unplug
from this whole peer pressure
situation?
>>BULLARD: I felt like I
had lost my parents' trust
in that moment with what I did.
And I felt like it
was not worth it.
And these friends were not
a good influence on me,
obviously.
And I just felt
like I needed to do
whatever I could to gain my
parents' trust back again.
>>REGINA: Well, that's good.
So it took you, I assume--
now, this is paralleling
with the time
when you started understanding
that maybe you had a brain.
OK?
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
Well, at this time, I then
became a loner the next year
of school because all my
friends went on to high school.
And I was still in junior high.
And I had grounded myself.
So I really didn't
have a whole lot
to do other than do my homework.
And so I'm doing my homework.
And then I started getting
straight As all of a sudden.
I went from being a C student
to a straight-A student.
>>REGINA: Yeah, a
little application here.
>>BULLARD: Wow, I can do this.
Oh my gosh.
Well, if I can do this, then
I got to keep doing this.
And I just kept pushing myself
to not accept anything less.
>>REGINA: So isn't it amazing?
That's why I like to
hear about people's
traumatic turning-point
moments in life
because that's what catapults
us into the next phase.
And for you, something
so simple as wanting
to regain your
parents' trust set you
on an amazing path of
really intellectual inquiry
and then spiritual
inquiry as well, right?
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: OK.
So now you're
getting straight As.
And you're starting to gravitate
towards certain subjects,
I would assume.
So let's talk about what
you really started finding
deep-dive interest in early on.
>>BULLARD: Early on,
I wasn't really sure
what I wanted to do.
It took a while for
me to figure that out.
And I think I just liked a
lot of different subjects.
I did get into writing.
And I had a lot of great English
teachers through high school.
And they always
encouraged me and gave me
really positive feedback.
Again, I wasn't really sure
if it was all that great.
But they were giving me
lots of positive feedback.
And then there was one year I
focused on sports, actually,
sports and academia.
Just let me get my good grades.
And let me get a scholarship
into college with sports.
>>REGINA: And you're still
very athletic in martial arts,
right, among other things?
>>BULLARD: I am athletic
still, not as much
as I used to be because
I have more my mission
and my passion now that's
taken up all that time.
But I still try.
>>REGINA: So that's in.
Yeah.
>>BULLARD: And so I was
very focused on trying
to get a scholarship
because I really
wanted to go out of state.
I lived in Southern California.
I wanted to get out of
Southern California.
And so I knew I needed
to get a scholarship
to go to college out of state.
And so I was focused
on volleyball.
And then one year,
I was exploring my--
I think it was my
junior year summer
right before my senior year.
And I went to
Sedona with my mom.
We went on a road trip.
And we decided to
go to check out
a couple of the universities
in Arizona and then to Denver.
And we went on
this big road trip.
And we stopped in
Sedona just for fun.
And we had a really nice time.
And it was very energetic
and spiritual and so forth.
And then we're driving up
to, I think, Northern Arizona
from Sedona.
And my mom's driving.
And I'm just looking at
the stars as we're driving.
>>REGINA: Oh, it's so
beautiful at night in Sedona.
So quiet and dark.
>>BULLARD: It's just amazing.
Yeah.
So amazing.
You could see the
whole Milky Way.
And I just remember
thinking, what's out there?
I want to know what's out there.
There's so much more
going on in this universe
than our mundane little
lives on this planet.
I want to know what's out there.
And then that's when I had
this a-ha moment because I
was really trying
to think of, well,
what am I going to major in?
As you're thinking
about college,
they ask you this question.
I had no idea.
And in that moment, I
thought, oh, that's it.
I'm going to do astronomy
or astrophysics.
And so that then set me on
the path to get into science.
>>REGINA: That's
a wonderful story.
And you know, Sedona
does that to you.
I lived there for the
better part of 18 years
until very recently.
And that was one of the
greatest pleasures--
is just pull a chair out
onto the patio or wherever
and look at the night sky.
You can see the
Pleiades so clearly.
Everything is so
evident looking at it
when you're in an inky
black environment like that.
Now you decide to go into
the arena of astrophysics.
And what really
started catapulting you
more into the consciousness
aspect of your work?
>>BULLARD: So when I
was in college, again,
I was playing volleyball.
I was doing my physics.
I actually ended up going
to University of Denver.
And they didn't have
astrophysics or astronomy
as a major.
So they said, just do physics.
And then you can do it
later in graduate school.
So I was doing physics.
And I was doing volleyball.
And on the volleyball work
and the athletic work,
I almost joined up with somebody
to create a wellness kind
of training for athletes
with visualization,
using visualization to
improve athletic skill.
And then when I was in
my first year there,
I also had an honors
English class,
where we explored the
transcendental poets--
Wordsworth, Thoreau,
Emerson, William Blake.
>>REGINA: Wonderful era.
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
That woke me up.
I just loved everything
that I read of those.
And so that was, I would say,
my own first personal spiritual
resonance-- was with the work
of the transcendental poets.
And then my mom's
like, well, if you like
that, then you might like zen.
And if you like that,
you might like this.
So she was always
encouraging my exploration.
>>REGINA: She was already
lit up in that arena.
>>BULLARD: Yes, yes.
So I just kind of explored
a little bit on the side.
But it wasn't until I
got into graduate school
that I really focused
on my spirituality.
And that was because I got
thrown into 80 hours of physics
a week.
So I went from having all this
diversity and balance and so
forth and athletics into
only physics 80 hours a week.
>>REGINA: Oh my god.
Well, you might like my version
of the volleyball version
of that, which is I was playing
at Lake Tahoe in mixed league.
And we got stoned
before every game.
We're just talking about
consciousness and mind
altering.
And we were unbeatable
as long as we
were stoned because we
were all in the same mind.
And so finally we made
it all the way through.
Now it's the finals.
It's literally the finals.
And we decided, maybe we
should get serious about this
and not get stoned.
And so we didn't, and we lost.
>>BULLARD: It changed your flow.
>>REGINA: It totally
changed our flow.
We were not tasked
with overworking.
Let's just put it that way.
But I always did find that
interesting that literally we
operated almost as one organism
when we were smoking weed back
then.
>>BULLARD: Interesting.
>>REGINA: Anyway, so you took a
little bit more, shall we say,
studied approach to it all.
So now you're studying
consciousness.
You're in graduate school.
And you've already been through
the great thinkers and poets
of the late 18th
and 19th century.
And so now what?
>>BULLARD: So I was
finding myself really
out of balance all of a sudden.
And after about a year of my
first year of graduate school,
I was not happy.
>>REGINA: Oh yeah,
way out of balance.
>>BULLARD: Yeah, way out
of balance, no right brain
activity, no athletic time.
It's just like
grindstone and having
to jump through the
hoops and prove yourself
and all this kind of stuff.
I was really disenchanted
because I didn't actually
know what I wanted to do still.
I was just sort of following
the academic model,
thinking at some
point along the way
I'm going to discover
what I want to do.
And so I realize,
why am I doing this?
It just sent me on
this search of asking,
what is it that I really want?
And is this really
the right fit for me?
And is it worth the
expense of my happiness
and sense of well-being?
And I decided, well, it's not
worth that level of sacrifice.
And so if I'm going
to survive this,
I need to find a way to bring
balance and meaning and purpose
back in.
So I started to search.
And I knew I had it before.
And now it was missing.
So in my scientific
way of thinking,
I thought, well, let's
just systematically bring
in what I had before
and see what the key is.
And so I did that.
I brought in sports again.
I brought in social time.
I brought in creative hobbies.
I brought in all
these different things
that a normal, well-rounded
lifestyle should say,
this is going to make you happy.
And I had all those things.
And a year later,
everything was better.
But I was still
missing that core sense
of meaning and purpose.
And then one day
I was at the gym.
And I was thinking about
it in the back of my mind.
And then all of a sudden,
this light bulb turned on--
or this little voice.
A little voice came
in, actually, and said,
there's still one thing you
haven't brought back in yet.
And I was like,
well, what is it?
And then it was spirituality.
And so spirituality
was-- and it was.
It was the only thing I
hadn't brought back in.
But by then, I thought
I didn't need it.
I was really well versed into
the scientific way of thinking.
It was always just kind of
in the background for me.
Now it was the one thing.
And so I thought, OK,
well, I got to try it.
And that was what
sent me on the search.
>>REGINA: And so what was
that part of the journey?
Where did you jump in
on a spiritual level?
>>BULLARD: I knew that
at that point, anything
I was going to believe
spiritually had to complement
what I knew scientifically.
I couldn't go for blind faith
and just religious approach.
And so I needed to
find something that was
going to mesh with what I knew.
And so I jumped into the science
and consciousness, science
and spirituality, Tao physics,
all these kinds of things.
And it did.
It lit me up.
It reminded me, actually,
why I even got into physics.
I realized, oh, what brought me
into physics was synchronicity
plus a spiritual inspiration.
And now, here I am in physics.
And I need to remember
why I'm in physics.
And it was spirituality
that was that key.
And so I got really excited.
I got really turned on.
And then I wanted
people to share with.
I wanted to be able to talk with
other people of the same mind.
>>REGINA: How did
that go for you?
>>BULLARD: It didn't.
>>REGINA: Of course not.
>>BULLARD: In physics,
it's like, no.
If you're going to
talk about spirituality
or even mention
anything like that,
you're going to lose
your credibility.
You're going to be ostracized.
So I was really afraid
of talking about it.
And I had already seen
examples of people
trying to broach
the subject just
with the graduate students.
And it was like, don't go there.
So I felt really isolated.
And then I tried to
search out communities.
And at the time, I
lived in Seattle.
I was at the University
of Washington.
And I tried to
search our community
in a more spiritual vein.
But I wasn't really finding
the depth that I wanted.
And so one day I just
put out, OK, universe,
I want to find my
spiritual family.
Help me find my tribe.
Help me find my path.
And it's got to be
there somewhere.
And I just put it out.
And I let it go.
And I focused on my graduate
stuff and my testing
and all of that.
And then about two weeks
later, synchronicity
brought me to a woman
named Verla Wade,
who lived in Seattle, who was
associated with the Modern
Mystery School.
And she did something
called DNA activation.
And the whole story
is her webmaster
emailed my mom
because my mom had
a website called DNAmusic.com.
She was really into the Monroe
Institute's music, med music,
and so forth.
And so she had
told her webmaster,
get in touch with this
woman in California who does
this DNA-wakening music.
And she found my mom.
But it wasn't the one
that Verla had originally
intended her to find.
And my mom goes and
checks out our website
to see if she wanted
to cross link or not.
And she's looking.
She's seeing all this stuff.
And she goes, hmm,
DNA activation.
Oh, that sounds interesting.
Where is this woman?
And then she sees
that she's in Seattle.
And she goes, oh, there
are no coincidences.
Theresa, just two
weeks ago, you were
thinking you wanted to
find your spiritual family.
And now there's this.
Go check it out.
>>REGINA: You had a great mom.
>>BULLARD: I sure did.
I sure did.
I was very lucky.
I am very lucky.
She's a wonderful, wonderful
guide and mentor and supporter.
>>REGINA: So you
ended up in Seattle.
>>BULLARD: So I
Well, I was living in Seattle.
But through that process, I then
went and got my life activation
DNA awakening session
done with this person.
And then that opened up the
door to me finding the Mystery
School.
And see, at first
I was skeptical
because I had tried
a lot of things.
I had been to all the
Body, Mind, Spirit Expos
while I was searching.
And some of it was great.
And some of it didn't deliver.
But as a scientist,
I needed results.
And I'm a Taurus, right?
So I'm just very practical.
And I needed results.
And after this one
life activation,
I started having a continuous
string of results--
little results at first,
but significant and clear.
They were just clear results.
That's a shift.
And then even weeks
later, months later,
I was still having these shifts
just from that one session.
Four months later, I was
able for the first time
to connect the dots of, OK, I
have this passion for science.
I have this passion
for spirituality.
Maybe my purpose is to
bring them together.
And yeah, that feels right.
I'm here to unite
science and spirituality.
But that means I'm
going to have to follow
a nontraditional track.
>>REGINA: And that's hard after
all of the energy and effort
you put into the
traditional track
to open yourself up to
the unknown of the new.
>>BULLARD: It was a little scary
because there was no clear road
already paved for how to do it.
And every scientist that I knew
who had opened up to the fact
that they were spiritual--
they were all emeritus,
meaning they were all retired.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So their tenure couldn't
be stripped and so forth.
>>BULLARD: So they
were a long wait.
And I just looked at them like,
I don't want to wait that long.
No.
And I thought about leaving
science and just going
off and following my heart.
And I did.
I actually attempted
to a couple of times.
I thought about leaving.
And I did leave at one
point and just tried
to figure myself out while
still doing my spiritual growth.
And the universe just kept
pointing me back, saying,
go finish your PhD.
Go finish your PhD.
And so at some point,
it was like, all right.
I surrender.
I'll go back.
I'll finish this.
But I'm going to do it my way.
So I shifted from
neutrino physics
to then working on a little
more of a smaller project, where
I was working in a chemistry
lab doing crystal growth
and then studying
origin of life stuff.
And it was very creative.
So I got to bring in a
little bit more creativity.
But it was also a
one-person operation
versus a 100-person
cooperation So it was from one
big to small.
It was really extreme.
And I realized that
I work best somewhere
in the middle with a small
team where we can bounce ideas
off each other.
So I learned a lot
through the process.
There was quite a learning curve
to get through the rest of--
you know, you'd think
that physics and chemistry
are just next of kin
in terms of science.
But they speak completely
differently languages.
They have completely
different approaches.
So I had this huge learning
curve to go through.
And it took me a while
to get through all that.
>>REGINA: But one thing--
through all of this,
you were very aware.
You had a lot of intention
at each step along the way,
whether it was to put
your foot on the gas
or whether to back off.
You made those conscious
decisions along the way.
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
I was very intuitive
and in touch with--
I was very introspective.
I think I've always been
an introspective person.
And I wouldn't know why I knew.
But I knew when I knew.
So with the Mystery
School work, for example,
I kept seeing results.
And then as I kept
seeing results in my life
that were very practical and
that really made a difference
in my quality of life
and how I felt inside,
how I was able to deal
with the stress, all
of these types of things, it led
me to then take the next step.
And then I got initiated
into their lineage.
And then I took another
step and another step.
And as long as it kept producing
results, I kept moving forward.
And it never stopped.
It never stopped
producing results.
So I just kept moving forward.
And I realized when I got
into the Mystery School
teachings and the lineage,
the Western Mystery
School, the hermetic teachings,
the kabbalistic teachings,
the alchemical teachings, the
lineage of King Solomon stuff,
it went pretty broad spectrum.
And I found that
it was one place
that I could-- all these
other interests that I
had had from my spiritual
searching on my own,
I found it all in one place.
And then it all started to gel.
And I got really
encouraged by it.
And then it also supported--
I found that it
empowered me to break
the mold within
the physics world
in terms of how I'm going
to chart my path out.
I don't think I would
have been able to do it.
I don't know if I would have had
the courage to shift who I was
and how I showed up
in the world if it
hadn't been for
my spiritual work
with the Modern Mystery School.
>>REGINA: Right, because
it's a complex story,
as you see from people
watching your shows.
You weave it together
slowly between material
and consciousness, going into
the atomic world, and so forth.
And ultimately, it has to
amount to the potential
of human expression
and human experience.
Because in the end,
that's where all roads
have to lead to, right?
>>BULLARD: Yes.
You That's something
that I really
realized in my own journey.
It's one thing to
have the knowledge
and to seek all the information
and gather all that knowledge.
And it's fascinating to me.
And I love it.
But there was several
points along the way
where I was all
about the knowledge
and not about the experience.
>>REGINA: But that's normal.
That's part of that journey.
>>BULLARD: It is
part of the journey.
But it limited my
journey, right?
So if that was as
far as I went, I
would not have been able to
break through those barriers.
So there were points
along the way where
I had to let go of
what I thought I knew
and just sink into
the emotional work,
or sink into the deeper
psyche and the soul,
and completely let
go of the rationality
and get into the spiritual
realm and experience it
even if I couldn't
explain it, and yet see
the results from it.
So just because
science can't explain
it doesn't mean it's not real
because it's producing results.
>>REGINA: Yes.
But that's where it stops
with a lot of people.
>>BULLARD: But it
didn't with me, yeah.
>>REGINA: And that's
what's wonderful about what
you're doing.
So along the way, I assume
you must have-- obviously you
must have encountered Amit
Goswami's work in "Physics
of the Soul" and all.
And to me, my probably
deepest interest
is in the journey of a soul
from the moment of incarnation
and to the moment of exit
and all of that knowledge,
subconscious information that
we bring forward with us,
all that incredible desire
that expresses itself
to express our potential.
And along that way,
there was one thing--
because I want to get into
your shows in a little bit
and what you did
in the first series
for those who haven't
seen it yet and then where
you're going in your second
series coming up here.
But I want to get
into this one thing.
Now, this is anecdotal.
But it has to do with Amit
Goswami's "Physics of the Soul"
in its own way.
Because in that
book, I think what's
so astounding is he's
talking about this--
incarnating into
the human realm.
This is where it
plays itself out--
that a soul can sit between
incarnations, for example,
and essentially have very
little means of expression
until it has all of these
aspects pulled together
and a vehicle and a stage
and so forth to play out
that dharma, whether it
be collective or personal,
or karma, collective
or personal.
And so it gets into the
notion of what kind of power
a soul has coming
into an incarnation.
And so I'm going to
run this by you just
because it's something I love.
And I asked one other person
years ago, a young physicist
named William Brown.
Do you know William?
>>BULLARD: No I don't.
>>REGINA: He was a devotee
of Nassim Haramein's.
And I found him
beyond brilliant,
just a very different
kind of mind entirely.
So normally I don't
talk about it.
But what had happened
was I had met
with a man who was an author.
He was science advisor
to President Reagan.
So he's an elderly gentleman.
This was in my Sedona Cafe days,
where everybody was wondering
the cafe and say hello.
And he wore a little beret.
And he said, we
should chat some time.
And so I said, sure.
Let's do that.
And at dinner, he said he
was writing another book.
He had written
"Touchstone of Life."
And he said, now I'm
writing a new book.
And I'm looking for the
organizing principle
behind quantum coherence
and the development
of the individuated human mind.
And I said, do you
know the answer?
And he said, no.
But I'll know it by the
time I finish the book.
And we just laughed about it.
And I thought, OK, cool.
That's an interesting project.
So anyway, I went to bed and
woke up the next morning.
And that voice said--
I wrote it down.
The exact words were,
the organizing principle
behind quantum development of
the individuated human mind
is the intention of the soul.
And so when I
heard that, for me,
it was like I'd
struck a pot of gold
not for him, but for myself and
the understanding of the power
of the intention of a soul
even prior to incarnation
and what it can do.
So I told him the answer.
The next day we had tea.
I said-- not the answer.
I said, I just want to share
with you something I heard.
And so I shared it with him.
And he said, oh.
And he said, well,
where did you hear this?
And I said, when I was
waking up this morning.
It was just a voice.
And he was like, oh.
He didn't finish the book,
wouldn't listen to it
because it came from a female
that was just unintuitive.
And so he didn't do
anything with it.
But it never left me.
And I've shared that
with a few people
because I think there's
something in there
that we need to discover in
the power of our own being.
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
Well, in some of the
Mystery School teachings
and in my Mystery
Teaching series,
we talk about the
great central sun.
I would call it "spirit."
>>REGINA: The basis
of Hermetics, yeah.
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
And that our original
spirit, the being
that we are originally, had
a set of blueprints there.
And those blueprints get carried
with us all the way through
based on intention or
purpose that we say,
this is what I'm going to do.
And that all starts
with mind, right?
So in the hermetic
teachings, all is mind.
>>REGINA: All is mind.
>>BULLARD: Everything starts
with the consciousness
or awareness or that intention.
And the will to pursue
it, the will to express it
is what carries it out.
So I think something
between those--
>>REGINA: And that's
will on a different level
than what we understand in our
normal parlance about will.
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: We think
we confuse will
with willfulness oftentimes.
And when you're speaking
of pure will on that level
and you look at this,
there's a comfort
in understanding there are no
victims, really, in a sense.
In the greatest sense,
there are no victims.
That soul has
chosen its destiny.
Whether the conscious
mind comes in
and whether earth life and
all of its little pleasures
interferes with it
or not, the point
is, it comes in with
this particular agenda
to the point where--
oh, "Biology of Belief,"
Bruce Lipton's work--
where the soul can actually
manipulate the DNA and genetics
prior to birth.
So the vehicle could show up
as it's needed by that soul.
And you've taken riff
on that for a minute.
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
So we choose the moment.
We choose the location.
We choose the name.
We choose everything in
that moment of birth.
And we know the
circumstances we're coming
into from that spiritual plane.
So yeah, there are no victims.
We chose that life experience.
Why we chose it, what
lessons we're here for,
that's an individual thing.
And we get into so
much judgment about it.
And yet the blueprints
we come in with,
the spirit, the
soul into the body--
the body is the final result,
the final manifestation,
not the cause of.
So science today wants to be
the material bottom-up approach,
where it's just a bunch
of neurons firing and DNA
and genes arranging
themselves and that that's
what creates consciousness.
But it's really the other way
around that that spirit comes
in with that consciousness,
which then influences
the blueprints and the
soul, which influences how
the genetic expression shows
up, how we manifest things
at an atomic level.
>>REGINA: Imagine if we
were taught this in school
from an early age.
You are your creation.
And you've come here with
a unique genius and purpose
of discovery, of expansion.
>>BULLARD: And that's unique.
>>REGINA: It's you.
It's your spiritual
thumbprint in the universe,
which is the difference
in what our world--
how it would function
if people understood
this about themselves.
But then let's get into the part
that is difficult for people.
And that is, yes, you chose
to come into the world.
It sounds like you had some
great influences growing up.
You had opportunity.
You went to private school.
You're beautiful.
You're in LA.
You're in California
and all that.
So then people really
start stumbling
on this when you
look at cultures
that are very deprived
on all levels even
in terms of, perhaps,
what we would consider
ethical or moral values in terms
of the respect of life itself
or boys or girls and so forth.
And people say, well,
how is that fair?
But again, there are no victims.
And this is the part I think
we need to embrace and respect
in each other--
this journey that we
are individually on.
And I would like you
to speak to that point.
>>BULLARD: Well, so
I heard a story once.
And I don't have
the exact details
because I'm not as good
at that kind of thing.
But I heard a story
of a woman who
before she was 18 years old,
she had been raped many times.
She grew up in an
abusive household.
She was in an
underprivileged community.
And that's an example
of a situation
where there could
easily be victimhood
around the situation.
>>REGINA: Well,
and everyone else
would perceive you
as a victim as well.
>>BULLARD: Exactly.
But it's a mindset.
Victimhood is a mindset.
It's not about your conditions.
It's about your attitude
towards your conditions.
And this woman didn't
let it stop her.
And she later went on
to become Oprah Winfrey.
And we can use whatever
our traumas are, whatever
our circumstances are
as a learning ground
for spiritual development.
And sometimes that's
the juiciest stuff.
That's where the alchemy really
can happen in a big way--
is in those traumas
so long as we're
willing to step onto that road
to healing and transformation
to learn from it rather
than be defined by it.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
And that's where
that story comes in
and why it's, to me, the
most important story of all.
You are a unique divine soul.
You're here for purpose.
You chose it.
You chose all of it.
And now you're here.
And now you have to play it out.
And if you start looking around
you with that understanding
and you see things that happen
that are harsh that you're
going to have to
contend with, then you
can start asking,
what is the learning
opportunity in this one
now as painful as it is?
And then a whole
different set of questions
comes up as to how to guide your
life from that moment forward.
>>BULLARD: Right.
And we look at the
world situation as well.
And I fully believe that
there is a collective mind
and we are all connected.
In those higher levels of
consciousness and mind,
we are all connected.
So there is a collective mind.
And those thoughts
that are going
on at a critical mass
within the collective mind
are going to have to
manifest themselves
somewhere on the planet.
And so we are the
ones collectively
who are manifesting these
areas where we think,
oh, it's not fair.
Why should somebody be born
into that kind of poverty,
that kind of abuse, or
that kind of slavery?
But we're creating that.
We collectively are creating
that because we have lack
within ourselves.
We abuse ourselves.
We feel poor.
All of these things
that are within us--
we're constantly feeding
that into the collective.
And it's got to
manifest somewhere.
>>REGINA: Well,
and I think we have
to also be aware that most of
us have been all these things.
So you're only
getting a snapshot
in this incarnation
of what you've been.
And if you feel as
though, gosh, I've
never had to go through anything
that harsh, for example.
That's really not fair.
Well, yes you have.
You probably don't
remember that.
But you probably have been
through that and worse.
And so it's not to
dismiss the pain
and suffering of any
individual in any incarnation
on any level.
But it's simply,
I think, to rise
into a position of understanding
the individual that you feel
you're viewing as a victim
for their own reasons
has chosen this incredibly
challenging situation
in this time.
And you have been
there before, too.
So all you need to give
is support and empathy to,
yes, grow this thing.
What are you discovering?
What are you learning,
including with other cultures?
And that doesn't mean we
don't go in and help where
humanitarian help is needed
for a group of people
who are seriously in trouble.
You have to do.
We have to do that as humans.
But there's another
part of this, too--
and my understanding of
it may differ from yours,
I don't know--
that there is a
DNA component also
that often accompanies
incarnation,
where you can accompany a
strand of DNA, a bloodline,
for a variety of reasons
and continue incarnating
into some offshoot at least
of a given bloodline that
has some of that familiar DNA
laid down for a lot of reasons.
It happens.
Some of it is because we've
developed associations
that we'd like to either
rekindle or simply
balance out oftentimes, finish
up, finish up business with.
But it's even more than that.
So what happens when you
get into a culture that
does not seem to be progressing
from an outside view?
It's much more isolated.
The customs have
remained unchanged
for hundreds or even
thousands of years.
We on the outside start viewing
them as primitive individuals.
Why aren't they moving
into the modern age?
Talk about that for a moment.
>>BULLARD: Well, so
I certainly believe
that we're going
to choose our DNA
line that we come into
for all the reasons
of what it equips us with.
And we also are living out
the karma of our ancestors.
And we're here with
the opportunity
to help remedy
that, karma that's
been established
in our collective
and in our ancestral
lines and so forth.
And when I look
at the people who
are choosing to incarnate into
less-than-privileged situations
or extreme poverty or
starvation, any of that,
I see that those
spirits are like saints.
They're coming and doing
a service to humanity.
Because if it weren't for those
incarnations, we as humanity
would not have that reflection--
saying, oh, look at the poverty
we're creating in the world.
Look at the imbalance.
>>REGINA: It wouldn't
draw all the empathy out.
>>BULLARD: Exactly.
And so they're serving--
in an individual level,
it's a bad situation.
>>REGINA: They're working
with their own development.
>>BULLARD: And they have
their own development.
But they're in service in a way
that most people's minds can't.
They have a hard time
wrapping it around that idea
that they're in service
to us as a collective.
>>REGINA: Well, that's
an interesting idea
because what is the one time
when people's hearts actually
open?
And this is a matrix that has
that solvent of universal love
there at the core except when
other people are suffering.
Whether it's collectively
through a mass disaster
of some kind or whether
it's individually,
our hearts open when
others are in pain.
>>BULLARD: And when we
judge it as, it's not fair,
that's us judging a situation
within ourselves that we
haven't resolved as well.
And in order to really have
empathy and compassion,
we have to accept that within
ourselves rather than judge.
And ultimately, I believe
that we are all here at a time
on the planet that is a very
exciting time on the planet.
And we have huge
opportunities, too.
But we're at a major
crossroads in terms
of where we go as a collective.
We can destroy ourselves.
Or we can create
a utopia, what I
would call a "shambala,"
a world of peace,
a world of prosperity, a world
where there is more balance
and harmony, where
we all are seeing
each other as divine
beings that we are versus
this continued
materialistic, greed-driven,
have and have not
kind of civilization.
>>REGINA: Well, that's where
we add another layer to the top
because we have such
advancements intellectually.
And you get us to
the subject of AI.
And like all things, in the
hands of beautiful minds,
it can be used in
a beautiful way.
In the hands of others, it has a
totally destructive expression.
So how do you see the
role of AI at this time
and its potential development?
>>BULLARD: Well, I
mean, without a doubt,
our world is going
to radically be
different within
five to seven years
from now because of
the technologies.
Between AI, 3D printing,
quantum technologies,
all of these things are coming
online at the same time.
And medicine is changing.
Everything is changing.
Yet, as you say, each of
these things are tools.
And that tool is in the
hands of the beholder.
If it's a beautiful
mind, it's going
to be used in a beautiful way.
If it's a destructive
mind, it'll
be used in a destructive way.
And so to me, it's really
about shifting consciousness
of humanity and the
collective so that we
can take these
tools and technology
and then choose to
apply them with wisdom.
And that is why I feel
science and spirituality need
to come together
so that we can have
that wisdom of the ancient
spiritual traditions coming
and merging with science in a
good way that allows science
to do what it does, but also
guide it in a way that--
OK, let's apply
this with wisdom.
Let's apply this towards
the progression of humanity,
not just the
progression of the few.
And let's really use
these tools and technology
to create that heaven
on earth kind of thing.
Let's really create a world--
or, as scientists
today would call it,
a type one civilization--
that's really going beyond--
>>REGINA: Michio
Kaku's work, yeah.
>>BULLARD: Michio Kaku.
And he was quoting from other
people who have done this work.
And so we are right on
that verge within the next
maybe 100 years or so,
where we're right there.
>>REGINA: I think so.
And I think part
of it is, we can't
buy into the allure
of the advertising
for physical immortality
because that's really
the hook that people that are
putting that agenda out there
are using.
And so I think most
people, except those
who are really devoutly
deeply spiritual
and believe in the
continuance of consciousness,
have fear around dying.
So you can understand
that allure.
But we're being played by that.
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
Death is the number-one fear
in humanity on the planet.
And I have personally
experienced
that having that deep
spiritual philosophy to know
that we are not just
our physical bodies,
that we are eternal
beings, and that we
have lots of really
great adventures to go on
after this physical life--
that that gives a lot of
comfort and more confidence.
And you can let go of
the fears of death.
But it is scary to
me what's happening
with AI in the sense of,
let's just transfer our brain
and consciousness
into that computer
so that we can achieve
physical immortality
and be here forever.
That is a frightening
proposition.
And I don't think it's possible
because you might transfer bits
of information and knowledge.
But you're not going
to transfer a soul.
>>REGINA: What about the soul?
Exactly.
And that's what I've
always said in that debate.
But you can understand
where people
have been from the restrictive
thinking of dogmatic religion
and driven toward basically
intellectualism and atheism.
And now a lot of
people are reaching out
with these delicate little
tendrils within them
to find these spiritual
expressions that can't be
categorized in religious terms.
And that's really
the feeling way
into this new
consciousness that has
to take hold before any kind
of substantial inculcation
of the bad AI makes
it into our world.
>>BULLARD: I think AI can
be used in a very good way.
And even some of the
integration can be used in tech.
Integration can be used
in a really good way.
>>REGINA: No, I agree.
I'm talking about
a bad use of it.
>>BULLARD: But yeah,
we have to make
that shift in consciousness.
And we have to get in
connection with, who am I?
Who am I is not about my body.
And it's not-- yeah,
my genes and all
of that and my upbringing.
It makes an influence on
our personality and maybe
our physical attributes.
But who we are is
not about this body.
It's the soul.
It's the eternal spirit.
It's all of this other
energy and blueprint
that we came in with.
And that's what we need
to get in touch with.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
Couldn't agree with you more.
Listen, let's go ahead then.
And I want to get
to your show now.
Thank you so much for letting
us get to know you more.
I really appreciate it.
>>BULLARD: Yeah, it was fun.
>>REGINA: And let's go to
the first season of "Mystery
Teachings" and really how you
laid the framework for those
who have not seen it yet.
>>BULLARD: So the first
season of "Mystery Teachings"
is very much about, OK,
let's look at the physics
and what it really says.
Where is mainstream
physics at today?
What are the most
popular theories?
What is something like
the standard model
that is sort of like the
Bible to scientists right now?
What are the more
cutting edge that
are not necessarily
proven, but they
have a lot of support
within mainstream science,
like string theory and big
bang inflation cosmology
and multiverse theories
and things like that?
So we look at, what
is the science?
And what is it really
saying, without getting
into all the math.
And then where
does it leave off?
Where are they falling
short in trying
to find their theory of
everything, for example?
And then what does
metaphysics have to say?
And how can the two
complement each other?
So we go pretty deeply into
what the physics really
says because there's
a lot of people
out there talking
about, oh, you know,
the observer effect and quantum
physics says and quantum
physics proves this and that.
But spiritually, quantum
physics doesn't prove anything
because those experimental
studies haven't been done.
So part of my goal with the
series is to honor the science
and what the scientists would
say and what they wouldn't say.
And then I'm very clear.
OK.
Now we're crossing the bridge
to what metaphysics says.
This is the science.
This is metaphysics.
But let's see the parallels.
And then what if science were
to open up to the metaphysics?
Because metaphysics
is scientific.
And when I say "metaphysics,"
I don't mean new age.
I mean ancient Mystery
School teachings, hermetics.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
It's simply the unseen world
that is motivating and creating
life.
>>BULLARD: Beyond
the physical, right?
Meta is above or
beyond the physical.
And yet there is a science
in these ancient mystery
teachings.
There's a science to hermetics.
There's a science to alchemy.
There's a science
to even Kabbalah.
So these sciences-- they
think in a scientific way.
They're just working
from the spiritual
down rather than
the physical up.
And so if we can bring
the spiritual down,
and then we have the
mainstream science that's
bringing physical up, where
do the two meet in the middle?
And so that's what I explore
a lot of in season one.
So it's very much physics
and then metaphysics.
And we get into the seven
hermetic principles.
And we get into some alchemy
and a lot of Kabbalah
from the Mystery
School teachings.
So it's a little bit
different than what
you would find in the books.
>>REGINA: Right.
And I just want
to also point out
that, as I said at
the top of the show,
Guy has done such a beautiful
job in production with really
aiding the story with amazing
animated graphics and such.
It's not hard to follow you.
Yes, you're talking physics.
But you're watching
it magically appear.
It's beautiful.
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
And I do my best to
try and deliver it
in a way that's, OK,
well, here's what it says.
But what does it mean?
And then just very quickly,
let's do it in a way
that people can understand
this because I don't like it
when physicists try to
be intellectually elite.
>>REGINA: Talk over your head.
Exactly.
>>BULLARD: Talk over
your head, right?
So I want people to understand.
And I do my best to be clear and
put the puzzle pieces together.
>>REGINA: You are.
You're very clear in
your communication.
>>BULLARD: And then also,
how does this relate to us?
If we were to take
it as a metaphor--
that's another thing I do.
If we were to take the
quantum paradigm as a metaphor
that we can apply into to life,
that we can apply to business,
we can apply to relationships,
we can apply to understanding
who and what we are,
and so forth, we
can apply to our world, how
do we shift our paradigm?
Because the old
Newtonian paradigm
was applied in that way.
You see it in economics.
You see it in education.
You see it in the
industrial age.
And we've inherited
that mindset,
which is a filter that we
perceive everything through.
And if we can shift that
fundamental paradigm
and base it on a newer
model, like quantum physics,
how would that shift our way
of perceiving and viewing
the world?
And then everything that
we engage ourselves in--
so more connectivity,
more flow with uncertainty
rather than thinking we
can control everything--
>>REGINA: Out of fear.
>>BULLARD: --out of fear,
more recognition of the impact
of consciousness, and the
context that we are assumptions
that we make--
really determines the
results that get created.
And that's the observer
effect-- is that context
that we create for things.
So there's a lot
of these metaphors.
And then have fun with weaving
it in with a lot of the Mystery
School teachings,
which is really more
my work and my passion today.
>>REGINA: Right.
So before we launch into
season two and the description
of the upcoming episodes, let's
take a look at a little teaser
that Guy has put together.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>BULLARD: Is there a way to
harness our quantum potential
and truly direct the
course of reality?
Many people are talking about
a shift in human evolution.
What is driving this shift?
And how do we steer it
in a positive direction?
The answers to these questions
truly rests in our hands.
Human thought is still very
much stuck in a Newtownian way
of operating.
One thing is for sure.
Achieving such a balance will
require a core shift in how
we think, act, and relate--
in other words,
a paradigm shift.
I'm Dr. Theresa Bullard.
And this is "Mystery Teachings."
>>REGINA: And let's talk about
the next season coming up.
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
So season two is going
to be much more practical
and applied.
So season one, I feel, is
laying in a lot of the concepts
and the foundational theory.
And then season two
is like, all right.
Now how do we take this to
truly awaken our potential?
What is our potential?
How can we tap into more of it?
How can we use more
of our DNA capacity?
of our brain capacity?
How can we turn on
our superpowers?
How can we awaken our
spiritual gifts and intuition?
And so I'm bringing
in still the science,
but more like DNA science,
brain science, and so forth.
And then we're bringing in
a lot more Mystery School
teachings and
practical applications.
So there will be
an actual takeaway
at the end of every episode
in season two with, OK.
Now try this out for the week.
And work with this
visualization.
Or work with that affirmation
and things like this
to help people now
start bringing this
in to application.
Because again, it's
one thing to know it
and to have the concepts.
It's another thing to
experience it, to live it,
to apply it, and really
have that feedback so
that we can say, oh,
yeah, this really is true.
Rather than just
believing in it,
we can really know
and understand
ultimately that this is true.
So we're guiding people
to walk the path,
to start taking
those steps to doing
the transformational work.
And so we get into the
science of ascension.
We get into the science
of DNA awakening.
There's multidimensionality.
How do we access more of
our multidimensionality?
What does that really mean?
We get into galactic
connection and how we
awaken our galactic potential.
So there's a part 1 and
a part 2 in season--
so the first seven
episodes around
are part 1, which is just
awakening our potential in all
these different areas of
our multidimensionality,
our physical and
spiritual senses,
to become more heightened
in our intuition,
understanding how
our mind works, how
we take in information, process
that, perceive it, act upon it,
and so forth, really
breaking it down.
And then the second half of the
season is all about the brain
and how our brain is wired from
birth forwards and then how
we can rewire it from
now moving forward.
And what are the
tools that can really
help us maximize
that rewiring so
that we can start turning on
more and more of that brain
capacity?
>>REGINA: Removing the filters.
>>BULLARD: Removing the
filters and also harmonizing.
So the brain builds its
way up from the bottom up
and the back forward.
And we talk about
the prefrontal cortex
being our executive brain.
It's where we make
our decisions.
But if your old brain,
or the brain stem area,
wasn't properly developed when
you were a baby or in childhood
and so forth as the
brain grew, if there
was traumas and disruptions
in the growth patterns,
then that will hijack
your prefrontal cortex
when a stressful situation or
a fear-type trigger comes up.
>>REGINA: You mean the whole
kind reptilian amygdala complex
in there?
Absolutely.
>>BULLARD: Everything, yeah.
And it might be kind of a
chaotic wiring in there.
So what we want to do is we
want to work our way back
from the front, back, and down
so that we can rewire things
intentionally in
a harmonious way
and gain more interconnectivity
between all the different brain
regions to have more
full capacity and access
at a conscious level.
>>REGINA: Well, that's
a big one because there
are very few brains
out there that
have not experienced trauma.
And if they didn't experience
it in their childhood,
they probably carried it
through from another time
because you have to look
at that whole matrix
of the subconscious
mind as well, right?
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
>>REGINA: Just that
alone is how do
we transcend the filters of
the subconscious mind, which
I find absolutely fascinating.
So you're going to do kind
of how-tos on this stuff.
>>BULLARD: More how-to, yeah.
And people have been asking
for that based on some
of the feedback in season one.
They've been asking
for, I love all of this.
And I love the information.
But I want more of
what to do with it.
And so in season
two, we're going
to deliver a lot more
of what to do with it.
>>REGINA: I love it.
I think that's great.
Can you give us a teaser?
OK.
So we're not going to
ask how you deprogram--
and not deprogram, but
remove the filters--
of the trauma from the
past because that's
going to be a long explanation.
And we only have like
three or four minutes left.
But maybe give us
one how-to teaser
that you're going to get to
that we can look forward to,
anything down to accessing
more of our own electricity,
our own field of energy
for physical purposes even
in the material realm.
Do you address that at all?
>>BULLARD: Yeah.
So you mentioned, for
example, earlier the DNA
and Bruce Lipton's work
with "Biology of Belief."
So one of the episodes
really gets pretty deep into,
how does our DNA
work at a physics
or at a scientific level?
How does our DNA work from
the kabbalistic perspective,
working with the tree
of life and so forth?
And as we know from
epigenetics now,
our thoughts make a difference.
Our behaviors, our lifestyle
choices make a difference.
Our attitudes, the
words we speak,
the things we think, the things
we do-- all of these things
make a difference.
So try working with this
particular set of affirmations
or work with this geometry
of the tree of life.
And every time you work
with that sacred geometry
of the tree of life, you're
communicating to your DNA.
And as you work your way
through the tree of life,
it's helping remind your
DNA of your core blueprint
and pattern.
And so it's like we're
learning the language.
I talked in season one a
bit about numbers, letters,
and sounds and sacred
geometries as being
the fundamental building
blocks of our universe.
And if we can learn
that language,
how to use numbers
properly, letters properly,
sounds properly, sacred
geometries properly, then we
can take those as
tools and start
communicating with the
universe, with ourselves,
with our DNA, all of these
things-- our atomic structures.
So this is some of the things
we're going to explore.
>>REGINA: Oh, that's
going to be fun.
And so a lot of this
really points back even
into more ancient times into
the Vedas, the Sri Yantras,
and such that people
in our community--
almost everyone watching
this has probably
had some experience,
whether it's through mantras
or whether it's through some
amazing geometrical forms
and such.
So you're going to be
working through those areas.
And I bring it up
because this is already
familiar through some of
those studies to some people.
And you're going to be taking
it into a very practical arena
that's explained scientifically.
So no more ifs, ands, and buts.
This stuff works, right?
>>BULLARD: Yes.
Yeah.
Yeah, and also showing some
parallels, for example,
between the kabbalistic system,
the I Ching from the Taoist
system, the Yantra system,
and how they work together,
how they work together.
So yeah, universal.
>>REGINA: Absolutely
fascinating.
We only have a minute left.
Any final thoughts before
we take off here today
to sign off?
>>BULLARD: Oh my gosh.
You know, I'm just very
excited that the series
is getting such great feedback.
And I'm really
hoping that we can--
because the ultimate
purpose of this
was to deliver content
that would really empower
people to want to transform.
And so it's not just about
consuming the information.
It is about, let's get
inspired and empowered
and realize that there's
a reality to this work
and that if we take
it into action,
we can transform our lives.
We can transform our world view.
We can transform our world.
And that is a big part of
what this is all about.
So I feel that bringing science
and spirituality together
and then applying it
in our lives in a way
that we really can apply
to make a difference
is what this is
all talking about.
>>REGINA: I agree.
Add a little passion.
Add a little intention.
And then add Will with a capital
W, and this all comes together.
>>BULLARD: And some discipline.
There needs to be
some discipline there.
>>REGINA: Yeah, discipline.
Yes.
Absolutely.
Well, Theresa, wonderful work.
I look forward to
seeing your next series.
And thank you for joining here.
And again, thank you
for revealing part
of your naughty girl self,
just slightly naughty
when you were young.
>>BULLARD: I'm not that
naughty, but a little bit.
>>REGINA: Just a little bit.
>>BULLARD: But it's
been a pleasure
being a guest on
your show again.
Thank you, Regina.
>>REGINA: Again, you can
see "Mystery Teachings"
right here on Gaia.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]